Shut up, you stinky fish
Please develop according to my intention.
Must be able to dominate the hero
Go global
Bright Kun according to your ambition
Red stars will only die
In the end, there is only a dead end waiting for you
dead end
So what if it's a dead end?
I, Ah Kun, have a bad life
I can be buried with you, the eldest sister of Red Star
It's worth Yang Kun, I warn you
If you dare to hurt Big Sister
I won't let you go if I'm a ghost
You still dare to threaten me?
Then I will take your eldest sister down to see the eldest brother.
Let the big brother judge
Who is right and who is wrong?
You are crazy
Mom, what are you doing?
Mom mom
Mom
Sheep donkey
Sheep, you have to live well